The aim of this project was to create a rocket electronic recovery system i.e. to create a system which can launch a parachute in the right time. Over time, the project evolved into a small on-board rocket computer which is perpetually monitored and hardly controlled by the user. The project runs consisting in two Arduino series microcontrollers: Arduino Pro Mini and Arduino Uno. The main functions of the system was: measuring the various values (temperature, atmospheric pressure, acceleration, and altitude), communicating with the Arduino Uno microcontroller, creating a signal which is used to launch the parachute, saving data on the SD card. The whole system was submitted on the two prototyping plates. From the first plate one may abstract the elements which are included in the rocket recovery system. What is more, there are also visual actuators (LED diodes), which visualize future powder charges. System is based on the three particular situations when the powder charges could launch the parachute: measurement of the acceleration, decrease of the altitude and time release. The system is deliberatively constructed to be low emergency, easy to use, cheap and easy to modify. To communicate with the system, the user uses 4-channel, wireless remote control module basing on data, which are displayed by the monitoring station on the LCD screen.
My motivation to explore the topic of the thesis was my own interest in space and rockets, and my desire to create a system which can be expanded by the different modifications. 
